hey everyone Cassandra Brooks here with
a mi clever calm this is going to be a
really employable and video because
it'll show you some of these spring
essentials to be growing in your weekend
back when you're going on those little
spring fling trips first you're going to
need something to pack all of your stuff
and how adorable is this Helen to be
back when you're just going away for a
couple days or stay overnight you really
don't want to lug around a huge suitcase
it's just bulky and in the way so if you
get something really cute like this
you'd be surprised at how much stuff you
can jam in here it's like a Mary Poppins
bag so when you're packing for a little
weekend getaways you want to make sure
that you pack smart I would love to
throw my whole closet in this bag but
it's obviously not going obviously not
going to fit so that is why I just chose
to throw in a few really key items so
don't burst the towel and I can mix them
up with different outfits um and it
feels like a new outfit each time even
though I'm wearing the same shoes twice
or three times and I recycles long as
they're clean
it's okay to wear shorts to dates and
over home let's just dive into the items
I have in my back okay right here on top
I have my sunglasses I hope to bring at
least two pairs of sunglasses with me
cuz you never know when you're on
vacation um i have had sunglasses break
get stolen you just lose them like
whatever happens at least you have a
backup pair because you want to protect
your eyes and if something happens to
your makeup no one can see through the
shame now right here on top I have the
most important thing of all for your
vacation a bikini um usually if you're
going on vacation and spring and
summertime it's going to be someplace
where you can lay out you can relax
don't worry about work or school
whatever it maybe you're just letting
loose and relaxing so that's why I
packed this adorable bikini usually when
I go on little trips to tropical places
I like to bring at least 2 to 17 I like
to wear different bikinis like every day
of my vacation I just think it's really
fun and a bikini is just another outfit
for me so i accessorize my bikinis I
have shoes for them and sometimes it
gets some really heavy my bag but I love
bikinis and next to me bag I have these
switches now I really like to wear
wedges with my bikinis I just feel like
heels they put your booty on a pedestal
and they make your body look better than
make you look longer and leaner so
especially in a bikini you want to feel
like fit and I feel like heels and a tan
help you feel that way um so that's why
I like to wear wedges at a pool
obviously they don't work at the beach
I'm with my bikinis but I also have in
your sandals just in case it's really
casual and I would look like a weirdo in
heels but i like it and those who i just
go really great with this outfit you're
going to need some casual outfits for
just strolling around you don't always
want to be all dolled up um so this is a
really adorable but casual outfit and
this will go great over your bikini this
is just a crop top and we've seen some
compost right now I'm and the back is
actually open boom ah so that's why you
say the scope would go really great over
your bikini I know some of you girls
don't like to go Rollo's so you can just
wear your bikini underneath and it would
be really cute and beachy to see the
straps in the back and these are just
some great Universal denim shorts on
they really hug you they got that really
stretchy denim I don't like the really
stiff denim doesn't stretch you like eat
a big meal and you have done button the
button so doesn't have like these are so
stretchy and livable and now we are
moving on to me on sandals I am obsessed
with man right now it's a really big
trend for spring and summer so I thought
why not incorporate it into my little
spring fling and the bottom is adorable
too it's bright yellow so I just all
around love these shoes they are walking
and they rock with this romper so a
romper is a great thing to wear in the
spring and summertime because it's a
complete outfit and one you don't have
to worry about the shorts and the shirt
something gets lost you just have a
complete outfit here it's like slipping
on a dress but it's shorts so you can
feel comfortable that a breeze isn't
gonna come by and blow it up you can
just be really kick back in this and it
goes great with the neon shorts it
really brings out the orange and the
Romford and obviously ladies we are
going to need a pair of kick heels this
is like these these are great heels
because they can actually dress up that
romper I just showed you or they will be
great for a really fancy dress it's just
like sexy nice fancy here we go well la
so this is really sexy it's unfitted it
has a lot of the piping and the ruching
and the chiffon and the top of that and
these straps are going to keep you up if
you wanted to you could actually tuck me
in and you would have a tube top version
or a halter strap version I'm and then
the back I like all the ruffling and
stuff it's really cute and it goes great
with these shoes like I said a lot of
these items are interchangeable
obviously you want to wear the white
wedges with this but you can wear the
white wedges with the romper and the
sandals with Yaya d'you get a picture I
know I'm rambling I only a couple more
items in here so bear with me um this is
just my makeup case I trouble pretty
heavily with makeup so i would put all
my stuff in here um and then i also like
to bring with me my curling iron and
bobby pins and hairspray the little
travel hairspray will do the big line
will take up a lot of room in your bag
and you really don't need it for just
two days i really recommend getting like
a three dollar tiny little can of
hairspray it'll last you the whole
weekend unless you're getting crazy like
i don't know what you're doing is usable
and lastly you may need some pjs and i
just love hello kitty pjs these are
caught in their really comfy to sleep in
and it's a
matching set and I just love matching
set my favorite part about these hello
kitty pajamas is a little bow in the
back looks so adorable also when you're
going on these trips especially if it is
somewhere to like a beach or pool you
want to make sure that you bring the
sunscreen ladies on it is so harmful and
it causes wrinkles and causes skin
cancer so make sure you lather on that
son scream you don't want to burn if you
find that you're always forgetting
something at home it really does help to
make a checklist every time I'm going on
a big trip I write down everything write
down how many outfits yeah like from
this mini skirts for this Vinny shoes
and you want to make sure that you check
out bras and underwear and toothbrush
and all that kind of stuff like those
things can ruin a trip if you forgot
your toothbrush then you have to go and
you have to run to CVS and maybe the
taxi driver was a church to you and then
like it costs you three dollars and your
debit card is not working it so thick
bad could happen so make sure you pack
your own toothbrush I think I've rambled
on quite long enough but on this has
been one of my most brambly videos in a
long time so sorry about that thank you
so much for watching girls and let me
know what is one thing that you forgot
on your trip and you wish you had